Development of an interactive e-learning system to improve manufacturing technology education&&&&&The manufacturing technique covers: turning, milling, drilling, holing etc. Much time and cost are used to teach these techniques. Particularly, computerized machines are continuously increasing in use. The development of educating engineers on computerized machines becomes much more difficult than with traditional machines. This is because of the limitation of the extremely expensive cost of teaching. The quality and quantity of teaching cannot always be promoted in this respect. The traditional teaching methods can not respond well to the needs of the future. Therefore, this research aims to the following topics; (1). Propose the teaching strategies for the students to learning machining processing planning through Web-based learning system. (2). Establish on-line teaching material for the computer-aided manufacturing courses including CNC coding method, CNC simulation. (3). Develop the virtual machining laboratory to bring the machining practical training to Web-based learning system. (4). Integrate multi-media and virtual laboratory in the developed e-learning web-based system to enhance the effectiveness of machining education through Web-based system.&&&&&Electronic learning,Manufacturing,Educational technology,Machining,Computer science education,Costs,Learning systems,Computer numerical control,Laboratories,Turning$$$$$distance learning,machining,Internet,computer based training,multimedia systems,educational courses,teaching,computerised numerical control,computer aided manufacturing,engineering education,laboratories,virtual reality$$$$$interactive e-learning system,manufacturing technology education,computerized machines,teaching strategy,machining processing planning,Web-based learning system,on-line teaching material,computer-aided manufacturing course,CNC coding method,CNC simulation,virtual machining laboratory,machining practical training,multimedia laboratory,virtual laboratory,e-learning Web-based system,machining education